=====================
 Percona Agent 1.0.9
=====================

Percona is glad to announce the release of Percona Agent 1.0.9 on October 22nd 2014. Downloads are available from our download site `here <http://www.percona.com/downloads/percona-agent/percona-agent-1.0.9/>`_. Percona Agent can be installed or updated as described in the `manual <http://cloud-docs.percona.com/index.html>`_. This version of ``pt-agent`` has been built with with Go MySQL driver ver. `0b000424e5 <https://github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql/commit/0b000424e546f305e0bd47856d5fcb904c1a0eb4>`_.

New Features
------------

 * *Percona Agent* 1.0.9 comes with the new, faster (3-5x), and crash proof query fingerprinter. Among other improvements this implementation fixes the issue when queries would have different fingerprint, but the only difference was the one-line comment.

Bugs Fixed
----------

 * Slow query log capture would fail if the ``slow_query_log_file`` variable does not specify the full path to a log file. 

 * Restarting the *Percona Agent* wouldn't start the agent if it wasn't running.

 * *Percona Agent* now handles the big data files correctly. In normal cases, Query Analytics produces data files in the 100-500k range. However, in some cases, if there are many large ``INSERT`` statements, data files would grow to 100M or more. This was causing issues in transferring the data and blocking the normal data files. 

 * ``SET`` statements in the slow logs were not parsed correctly.

 * If an agent was configured to collect InnoDB or user stats but MySQL doesn't support these, the agent didn't disable the metrics, but it would keep trying to collect them every 1 second, while logging a warning every time. If setting up InnoDB or user stats fails, the agent now logs a single error and stops collecting the metrics while it's running.

